OH, WHAT YOU GOT THERE, SEAN,
SOME SORT OF ROBOT?
YEAH, DAD. IT'S JIMMY'S
SCIENCE PROJECT.
WOW. IT CAN
GO DOWN STAIRS?
NOPE.
HEY, JIMMY'S GONNA BE
UPSET IF YOU BREAK THAT.
HE'S ALREADY UPSET.
HE GOT AN "F" ON IT.
AND HE WAS THE ONE
I HAD HOPES FOR.
WHAT?
UH, NOTHING.
LOOK, HENRY,
A BOTTLE CAP.
COOL. WHERE?
WHO LIKES LOBSTER?
I LOVE LOBSTER.
WHERE'D YOU GET THAT?
FRIEND'S GOT A VAN.
A VAN FULL OF LOBSTER?
VAN'S FULL
OF SOMETHING ELSE.
THE SMELL
OF THE LOBSTERS
THROWS OFF THE DOGS.
CAN I TRY THAT?
YEAH, SURE, GO AHEAD.
THIS THING'S CAUSED ME
NOTHING BUT GRIEF.
YEAH, I SEE
WHAT YOU MEAN.
UH...
HOW'S IT GOING?
NO, WALT.
OH, COME ON.
NO.
LOBSTERS ARE DELICIOUS.
THEY'RE ALIVE. I DON'T
LIKE KILLING MY FOOD.
LOBSTERS AREN'T ANIMALS.
THEY'RE LIKE BIG BUGS.
OH, MY GOD. ARE YOU SERIOUS?
YES, OF COURSE.
OK, OK, BYE. YES!
YES, YES, YES, YES!
WHAT, WHAT, WHAT?
KELLI BROKE HER LEG.
OH, MY GOD!
IS SHE OK?
NO. THE BONE IS STICKING OUT.
I THOUGHT SHE WAS
A FRIEND OF YOURS.
YEAH, SHE'S GREAT, BUT, SEE,
KELLI'S ON THE DANCE SQUAD,
AND I'M THE ALTERNATE,
SO IF SHE CAN'T DANCE, I'M IN.
DO YOU KNOW HOW
UNATTRACTIVE YOU SOUND?
I KNOW, I'M SORRY, BUT YOU
KNOW WHAT? HER LEG WILL HEAL.
PLUS, SHE'S GOT BIG BOOBS.
SHE'LL BE FINE.
YEAH, WELL, I'M SURE YOU'LL
MAKE A GREAT CHEERLEADER.
WE'RE NOT CHEERLEADERS.
WE'RE THE DANCE SQUAD.
WE DANCE.
WHERE?
AT BASKETBALL GAMES.
LIKE CHEERLEADERS.
NO. WE SUPPORT THE TEAM
BY INSPIRING THE CROWD
WITH DANCE.
OH.
LIKE CHEERLEADERS.
NO!
WHAT HAPPENED
TO JIMMY'S ROBOT?
IT FOUGHT A JEEP,
AND THE JEEP WON.
I DON'T CARE. THAT THING
GOT ME AN "F."
COME ON, JIMMY. COME ON, MAN,
GRADES AREN'T EVERYTHING.
YEAH, REAL EASY FOR
YOU TO SAY. YOU GOT
A WHOLE BUNCH OF Fs.
SO, JIMMY GOT AN "F."
HE DIDN'T GET IT
ALL BY HIMSELF.
AH, AH, AH.
DON'T START WITH ME.
I'M NOT STARTING ANYTHING.
IF YOU HADN'T HAVE INTERFERED,
EVERYTHING WOULD'VE BEEN FINE.
OH, HO HO. NOT TRUE.
WHAT THE HELL
ARE WE TALKING ABOUT?
LOOK, I'M A DAD. I LIKE TO HELP
MY KIDS WITH THEIR HOMEWORK.
THEY GET A LOT
OF HOMEWORK.
TELL ME ABOUT IT.
I'M IN THIRD GRADE.
THE HOMEWORK'S
KILLING ME.
UHHH.
A LITTLE HELP HERE. HELLO?
IF THE UPS GUY DIDN'T COME,
I WOULD STILL BE LAYING THERE.
WHAT DOES AN 8-YEAR-OLD NEED
TO LEARN THAT'S SO HEAVY?
A LOT OF STUFF, BUT MOST
OF IT'S PRETTY EASY--
MULTIPLICATION, SPELLING--
STUFF I KNOW, RIGHT?
BUT WITH JIMMY'S HOMEWORK,
I FEEL SO USELESS.
OH, YEAH, TOTALLY.
I REMEMBER THIS.
THIS IS GREAT.
SEE THE BRACKETS HERE?
SEE, THE--SOME HAVE TO GO
FROM ONE SIDE TO THE OTHER.
THEY, LIKE, UM...
SOMETHING.
UM...I REMEM--UH...
DOESN'T IT
CANCEL IT OUT?
OK, THE BATTLE OF HASTINGS.
I KNOW THIS ONE.
IT WAS LIKE 10 AND 6
OR SOMETHING YEAR,
AND THERE WERE LIKE FRENCH GUYS
AND ENGLISH GUYS
AND GERMAN GUYS,
AND THEY WERE, LIKE,
JUST BEATING THE HELL
OUT OF EACH OTHER,
LIKE, WITH ANYTHING
THEY COULD FIND.
IT WAS MUDDY.
MITOSIS.
MEIOSIS.
GOD, THERE WAS THIS ONE GUY,
AND HE WAS A BAD ASS,
AND I CAN'T REMEMBER--
I WROTE A PAPER.
NO, WAIT, THAT WAS
ANOTHER GUY.
MEIOSIS.
MITOSIS.
MEIOSIS?
OSMOSIS.
I THOUGHT KIDS TODAY
DO ALL THEIR WORK ON
THE E-MAIL.
WHAT?
THE E WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT, THE E
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M
TALKING ABOUT. THE...
THE E-MAIL.
IT'S JUST LIKE MAIL.
IT'S ELECTRONIC MAIL. HELLO.
YOU KNOW, IF I SAY
SOMETHING WRONG,
YOU COULD JUST
CORRECT ME NICELY.
I'M GOING TO GO COOK DINNER
NOW ON THE E-MAIL.
SO WHAT HAPPENED
TO THE DAMN ROBOT?
SO LAST WEEK, JIMMY
GETS AN ASSIGNMENT FROM
HIS SCIENCE TEACHER,
AND IT WAS SOMETHING I FELT LIKE
I COULD HELP HIM WITH.
UH, WHAT'S THIS ROBOT
SUPPOSED TO DO?
IT'S GOT TO CLIMB UP A RAMP
AND GRAB A LITTLE FLAG.
AH, RAMP-CLIMBING FLAG GRABBER.
YEAH.
OK, SO WHERE ARE WE
GONNA PUT THE SERVO?
SEAN...
YEAH, BABY?
HI.
NO, I MEAN...
HI. DO YOU HAVE
A TOGGLE SWITCH?
I DON'T KNOW.
AREN'T YOU TIRED?
NOPE.
I'M VERY, VERY,
VERY, VERY TIRED.
GREAT. YOU SHOULD
PROBABLY GO TO BED.
HERE'S
THE TOGGLE SWITCH.
YOU MUST REALLY
LIKE ROBOTS.
Claudia:
HE LIKES ROBOTS MORE THAN
HE LIKES HIS OWN WIFE!
CAN'T I LIKE 'EM BOTH,
WOMAN?!
ALL RIGHT,
WHAT ARE WE DOING?
I AM STRETCHING TO PREPARE
FOR DANCE SQUAD,
AND YOU ARE ANNOYING ME.
I THOUGHT YOU GOT CUT
FROM CHEERLEADER.
OK, IT'S NOT CHEERLEADER.
IT'S DANCE SQUAD.
AND I DIDN'T GET CUT.
SHE MADE ME AN ALTERNATE
BECAUSE OF ONE TINY,
LITTLE MISTAKE.
Britney Spears:
* I'M SENT FROM ABOVE
* I'M NOT THAT INNOCENT
OH, THAT'S IT.
WITH SPIRIT, LILY.
* I PLAYED WITH YOUR HEART,
GOT LOST IN THE GAME *
* OH, BABY
* OOPS, YOU THINK I'M LOVE,
THAT I'M SENT FROM ABOVE *
JEEZ, DID YOU
FALL ON YOUR HEAD
OR ON YOUR BUTT?
YEAH, SURE, LAUGH.
THE ONLY ONE WHO GAVE ME
ANY SYMPATHY WAS UNCLE EDDIE.
AREN'T YOU GONNA ASK ME
WHAT'S WRONG?
I WASN'T PLANNING TO.
I AM AN ALTERNATE!
AN ALTERNATE!
ALL RIGHT, LILY!
IT'S NOT ALL RIGHT.
ALTERNATES SUCK.
YOU DIDN'T
MAKE CHEERLEADER.
IT'S DANCE SQUAD.
MISS SPINOZA IS SO UNFAIR.
CAROL SPINOZA?
SHE REALLY HAPPY
ALL THE TIME,
KIND OF DESPERATE?
YEAH, THAT'S HER. SO WHAT?
SO I FELL OFF THE STAGE.
THEY DON'T EVEN DANCE
ON A STAGE. THEY DANCE
ON A BASKETBALL COURT.
YOU CAN'T FALL OFF
A BASKETBALL COURT.
DON'T GIVE UP
SO QUICKLY.
WHY NOT?
BECAUSE YOU NEVER KNOW
WHAT'S GONNA HAPPEN.
LIKE HE KNEW WHAT
WAS GONNA HAPPEN.
YEAH, RIGHT, LIKE HE KNEW KELLI
WAS GONNA BREAK HER LEG.
WELL, UNCLE EDDIE DOES KNOW
A LOT OF WEIRD STUFF.
YEAH, BUT HE COULDN'T HAVE
KNOWN THAT THIS WAS--
YEAH, RIGHT.
LIKE HE BROKE KE--
OH, MAN.
IF YOU HELPED JIMMY
MAKE THE ROBOT,
THEN WHY DID HE
GET AN "F"?
'CAUSE OF CLAUDIA.
HEY, NO WAY.
I MIGHT HAVE BEEN WRONG,
BUT YOU WERE WRONGER.
WHOA, THERE'S NO SUCH WORD
AS "WRONGER."
OH, YES, THERE IS.
IT'S RESERVED FOR
SPECIAL OCCASIONS
WHERE SOMEONE
IS INCREDIBLY WRONG.
OK, I MIGHT'VE GOTTEN
A LITTLE CARRIED AWAY,
BUT ME AND JIMBO
WERE HAVING A GREAT TIME.
FIRST, WE JUST GOT TO
SOLDER THIS TO THE FRAME.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
I'M STICKING THE WHEELS
TOGETHER.
YOU DON'T STICK
THE WHEELS TOGETHER.
YOU HAVE TO INSTALL
THE AXLE FIRST.
YOU'RE DOING ALL THE WORK.
OK, HOLD ON.
YOU CAN DO SOMETHING.
YOU CAN--I GOT IT.
YOU CAN GIVE THE ROBOT
A NAME.
OK. FIREBOT.
FIREBOT. ALL RIGHT,
FIREBOT. COOL.
YOU SURE THAT'S NOT
A LITTLE CORNY?
DAD.
OK, OK, OK,
FIREBOT IT IS...
FOR THE TIME BEING.
SEAN, YOU'RE GONNA BE
LATE FOR WORK.
TAKING A SICK DAY.
WHAT?
HEY, ROBOTS ARE COMPLICATED.
TAKES A LOT OF WORK.
YOU WERE TOTALLY OBSESSED.
NO, I WASN'T.
YEAH, YOU WERE.
HEY, DAD, I THINK THERE'S
SOMETHING WRONG WITH THE--
DAD?
IT WORKS.
IT WORKS!
IT REALLY WORKS.
I'M A GENIUS.
SO I MAY HAVE BLOWN
A FUSE OR TWO.
I GOT BUTTER AND BIBS.
ALL RIGHT.
COME ON, HENRY.
GRAB THAT STUFF.
THIS IS
GONNA BE FUN.
WHAT'S THAT?
THAT'S THE ROBOT YOU DROVE
OUT INTO THE STREET.
IT WASN'T BUILT VERY WELL,
WAS IT?
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
THE WATER'S BOILING,
SO IT'S TIME TO THROW
THE LOBSTERS IN THE POT.
TOM AND TYRONE?
HENRY, COME ON.
YOU EAT PORK CHOPS, RIGHT?
THOSE COME FROM
LITTLE PIGGIES.
MOM! MOMMY!
DON'T THEY TEACH THESE KIDS
ANYTHING? HENRY.
AHEM.
HEY, UNCLE EDDIE.
DO YOU REMEMBER
HOW I WAS COMPLAINING ABOUT
NOT MAKING THE DANCE SQUAD?
UH-HUH.
GUESS WHAT. I MADE IT.
GOOD.
DOES THAT SURPRISE YOU?
AS A MATTER OF FACT,
IT DOESN'T.
NO. I HAD A FEELING THINGS
WERE GONNA WORK OUT FOR YOU.
YOU DID
I DON'T KNOW.
CALL IT A STRONG HUNCH.
OH, GOD.
ADMIT IT, YOU WENT
TOTALLY OVERBOARD.
IF YOU WOULDN'T HAVE
STUCK YOUR NOSE IN IT,
I WOULD'VE GOTTEN AN "A".
YOU?
WE.
WE?
OK, JIMMY.
YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN.
YOU SCREWED IT ALL UP.
IS THAT JIMMY'S ROBOT?
YEAH. CHECK THIS OUT.
OH.
I'M GONNA GET SOME NEW
SHOCK ABSORBERS TOMORROW,
GONNA GET A SEARCHLIGHT
ON IT, THEN I HAVE TO GET
A BIGGER POWER SUPPLY,
OR ELSE THE WHOLE THING
MIGHT OVERHEAT.
THAT'S UNBELIEVABLE.
THANK YOU.
NO, I MEAN IT'S NOT
BELIEVABLE.
A 12-YEAR-OLD NEVER
COULD'VE MADE THIS.
THEY'LL NAIL YOU.
OH, GOD, DO YOU THINK
IT'S TOO GOOD?
ABSOLUTELY. WHEN I HELP HENRY
WITH HIS HOMEWORK,
I ALWAYS MAKE SURE I GET
A COUPLE THINGS WRONG.
YOU GOTTA MAKE IT
A LITTLE OFF.
REALLY?
HAH HAH HAH.
REMEMBER THIS?
"I LIKE SHARKS.
SHARKS HAVE FINS.
SOME SHARKS ARE BLUE.
I LIKE SHARKS."
YOU WROTE "I LIKE SHARKS"?
HENRY HAD WRITER'S BLOCK.
THEN WHY'D YOU PUT IT
ON THE FRIDGE?
IT GOT A GOLD STAR.
YOU MUST BE VERY PROUD.
ALL I'M SAYING IS THAT
YOU HAVE TO MAKE IT LOOK LIKE
THERE'S A CHANCE IN HELL
JIMMY COULD'VE
BUILT THIS ROBOT.
THAT SPARKY THING HAS TO GO.
OH, BABY, COME ON. THAT'S
WHAT MAKES IT SO COOL.
OK, OK, THE SPARK THING
CAN GO.
AND ISN'T CHROME A LITTLE--
OH, GOD, NOW THE CHROME'S
TOO MUCH.
WHY CAN'T I HAVE ANY FUN?
IT HAD CHROME ON IT?
OH, YEAH,
AND IT HAD THESE REALLY COOL
BLINKING DIODES AND EVERYTHING,
BUT CLAUDIA MADE ME
DUMB IT DOWN.
OH, FOR--STOP IT.
YEAH, YOU DID, BABY.
HEY, BABY,
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
I'M COVERING THE WELDING POINTS
WITH DIGIMON STICKERS.
WHY?
YOU ARC WELDED IT, SEAN.
OK, THAT'S ENOUGH.
ALL RIGHT.
LET'S GO SHOW 'EM
WHAT FIREBOT CAN DO, HUH?
LET'S KICK SOME BOT.
AHA, THAT'S CLEVER.
ALL RIGHT.
* FIREBOT
BABY...
RIP OFF THE DAMN
DIGIMON STICKERS.
Claudia: HEY, LIL.
HEY, MOM. MOM,
DO YOU THINK UNCLE
EDDIE IS CAPABLE
OF DOING SOMETHING
REALLY BAD?
ABSOLUTELY.
COASTER.
NO, NO, NO.
I MEAN, LIKE SERIOUSLY.
DO YOU THINK HE IS?
YES. WOULD YOU
LIKE ME TO MAKE
YOU A LIST?
I MEAN SOMETHING
TOTALLY ILLEGAL?
ARE YOU
WEARING A WIRE?
NO. IT'S JUST...I THINK
UNCLE EDDIE MAY HAVE
BROKEN KELLI'S LEG.
COME ON.
HE COULDA DONE ANYTHING.
HELLO, KELLI.
OH, NO! NOT MY LEG!
AAH!
I'M A DANCER!
Kelli:
OW! MY LEG!
MY RIGHT LEG!
COME ON. YOU'RE
BEING RIDICULOUS.
THEN WHY IS HE
ACTING SO WEIRD?
HE'S EDDIE. HE
ALWAYS ACTS WEIRD.
I'M TELLING YOU,
HE HAD SOMETHING
TO DO WITH THIS.
DO YOU WANT ME
TO ASK HIM?
WOULD YOU?
NO! NO, DON'T!
I DON'T WANT TO KNOW!
I'M SO HAPPY.
BOY, THESE
LOBSTERS ARE
SMELLING DELICIOUS.
HEY, THERE'S NO
LOBSTERS IN HERE.
THERE'S JUST
AN ORANGE
AND A NUTCRACKER.
DON'T LOOK AT ME.
HENRY? HENRY,
WHAT HAVE YOU DONE
WITH MY LOBSTERS?
ED, ED, DON'T TRY
FIXIN' THIS THING.
I'M NOT. I'M JUST TRYING
TO SALVAGE THE BATTERY
FOR MY TASER.
OH.
YOU KNOW,
TAKE WHATEVER
YOU WANT, MAN.
THIS THING'S
CAUSED ME NOTHING
BUT GRIEF.
YEAH, IT MUST BE
A BUMMER GETTING BEAT OUT
BY A BUNCH OF KIDS.
HEY, TRUST ME.
THOSE KIDS
HAD NOTHING TO DO
WITH THOSE ROBOTS.
ALEXANDER
TAKES THESE THINGS
SO SERIOUSLY.
I MEAN, IT WORRIES ME,
WHAT A PERFECTIONIST
SHE IS.
EVERYTHING'S GOTTA
BE JUST RIGHT.
Aron:
THE PROTOTYPE WAS
A LITTLE SLUGGISH,
SO PHILIP HAD
THE IDEA TO ADJUST
THE GEAR RATIO
TO GET A LOT MORE
LOW-END TORQUE.
ISN'T THAT
RIGHT, PHILIP?
I JUST WISH
I COULD GET TYLER
TO STOP WORKING.
I MEAN, HE JUST LOVES
CHALLENGING HIS MIND,
WHICH I GUESS YOU CAN SEE
FROM HIS ROBOT.
HA HA...JIMMY BUILT
A ROBOT, TOO.
I HEAR HE'S VERY GOOD
AT KICKBALL.
NEXT 2 ROBOTS,
COULD YOU HAVE YOUR
HUMANS LINE YOU UP
AT THE STARTING LINE?
HA-HA-HA!
WE'RE DOOMED.
COME ON, DAD.
WE STILL HAVE
A CHANCE.
JIMMY, GROW UP.
Mr. Kersey: ROBOTS READY!
GREEN LIGHT TO GO!
COME ON,
JIMMY! GOOD,
GOOD, GOOD!
OH, GOD!
WE'RE TOAST!
IT'S NOT ABOUT
SPEED, IT'S ABOUT
PRECISION.
LOOK!
YAY!
COME ON!
THEY'RE PICKING
HIM APART.
OH, GOD!
SOMEONE STOP THIS!
THAT'S A VIOLATION!
SO, THANKS TO CLAUDIA,
WE HAD A WIMP ROBOT.
WE HAD...
AN AGE-APPROPRIATE ROBOT.
IT WAS GETTING
PICKED ON BY ALL
THE OTHER ROBOTS.
THANK GOD IT DIDN'T
HAVE ANY LUNCH MONEY.
THERE WAS NO REASON
WE COULDN'T HAVE
WALKED OUT OF THAT GYM
WITH A SOLID "B,"
"B-," MAYBE,
BUT SEAN COULDN'T
KEEP HIS MOUTH SHUT.
AND, FOR HIS
SOLAR-POWERED,
WATER-IMMERSIBLE AQUABOT,
A BLUE RIBBON
IS RECEIVED BY
JEFFREY HODES.
SUPER GOOD JOB,
JEFFREY.
WHOA! SUPER BOY!
SUPER GOOD JOB.
ISN'T HE SUPER GOOD?
AH, JIMMY FINNERTY.
WELL, WHAT
A SUBSTANTIAL ROBOT.
YOU COULD--
YOU COULD REALLY
PROP A DOOR
WIDE OPEN WITH THIS.
OK, OK! ENOUGH!
NO, BABY.
THIS IS A MOCKERY!
YOU DON'T REALLY BELIEVE
THAT THESE KIDS MADE
THESE THINGS, DO YOU?
12-YEAR-OLDS DON'T
KNOW HOW TO BUILD
CIRCUIT BOARDS.
THEY DON'T HAVE ACCESS
TO TITANIUM.
OR THEY CAN'T MAKE
SUBMERSIBLE ROBOTS.
PHILIP, PHILIP,
PLEASE EXPLAIN TO ME
HOW YOU BUILT
A RETRACTABLE HYDRAULIC
ARM ON YOUR ROBOT. HUH?
UH-UH-UH-UH!
DON'T LOOK
FOR YOUR DAD.
WHY DON'T YOU
EASE UP, FINNERTY?
LOOK, COME ON.
WHO ARE WE KIDDIN'?
TAKE A LOOK AROUND.
ALL RIGHT, I KNOW WE
ALL WANT WHAT'S BEST
FOR OUR KIDS,
BUT AT WHAT COST?
WE GET SO WRAPPED UP
IN THIS COMPETITION,
OK, THAT WE ROB THEM
OF AN EDUCATION.
AND WE'RE ALL GUILTY!
EACH AND EVERY
ONE OF US.
AND I, FOR ONE,
AM WILLING TO STAND UP
AND ADMIT IT.
MY NAME'S SEAN FINNERTY,
AND I BUILT
MY SON'S ROBOT.
THERE.
WHO'S NEXT?
THAT'S HOW JIMMY
GOT AN "F."
HEY, HEY! I BUILT
AN "A" ROBOT, ALL RIGHT?
BUT YOU WOULDN'T
LET US GO FOR IT, NO.
YOU HAD TO HOLD
JIMMY BACK.
OH, COME ON.
JIMMY WOULD'VE
BEEN FINE
IF YOU HADN'T
GOTTEN UP ON YOUR
STUPID SOAPBOX.
YOU KNOW WHAT
I THINK?
WHAT?
I THINK
YOU'RE BOTH
LOUSY CHEATERS,
AND I CAN
ONLY HOPE THAT
SOCIAL SERVICES
WILL COME IN
HERE AND TAKE
THOSE KIDS AWAY
SO THAT MAYBE
THEY'LL HAVE A
CHANCE IN LIFE.
BUT WHICH ONE OF US
WAS WRONGER?
OH, JEEZ.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
MAYBE WE SHOULD GO
TALK TO JIMMY.
YEAH. YOU WERE WRONGER.
EXCUSE ME?
NOTHING.
SORRY, GUYS.
ALL WE GOT'S
PEOPLE FOOD.
YOU DIDN'T SEE
ANYTHING.
HEY,
I'M NO SNITCH.
UNCLE EDDIE,
CAN I ASK YOU
A QUESTION?
SURE.
YOU DIDN'T HAVE
ANYTHING TO DO
WITH ME MAKING
THE DANCE SQUAD, DID YOU?
LILY, AS FAR
AS YOU KNOW,
I HAD NOTHING TO DO
WITH YOU MAKING
THE DANCE SQUAD.
OK, WHAT DOES
THAT MEAN?
I MAY HAVE HAD A LITTLE
SOMETHING TO DO WITH IT.
OH, GOD.
WHAT ARE YOU
SO UPSET ABOUT?
I'M THE ONE
WHO HAD TO MAKE A HUGE
PERSONAL SACRIFICE.
OH, I NEVER
THOUGHT YOU LIKED ME
IN HIGH SCHOOL.
I WAS SHY.
YOU WERE
VERY COLORFUL.
YEAH, I WAS.
SO
YOU KNOW, THIS WOULD
MEAN A LOT TO HER,
THIS THING, YOU KNOW?
OH, YES! I REMEMBER
WHEN I WAS HER AGE.
THE CALL OF DANCE
CAN BE VERY
OVERWHELMING.
UM, I HAD SHOES ON
WHEN I CAME IN HERE.
YOU STILL DO.
OH, BUT KNOW HOW IT WAS
IN HIGH SCHOOL.
I WAS NEVER HAPPY
WITH WHAT WAS.
I WAS ALWAYS
IMAGINING WHAT
COULD BE.
AND THEN, YOU KNOW,
I'D NEVER BE HAPPY
UNTIL
I CHOREOGRAPHED
MY OWN STUFF.
AND ONCE I DID...
IT WAS JUST MAGICAL.
DON'T SAY ANYTHING.
THE LOOK ON YOUR FACE
IS THANKS ENOUGH.
OH, MY GOD.
UNCLE EDDIE,
I THOUGHT YOU BROKE
KELLI'S LEG.
I WOULD NEVER
HURT ANYONE.
I'M LIKE GANDHI.
BUT YOU DID SLEEP
WITH MISS SPINOZA
AND THEN TAKE OFF?
ALL RIGHT, I'M NOT
EXACTLY LIKE GANDHI.
ALL RIGHT. WHO PUT
SNEAKERS IN WITH
MY TOWELS?
OH, MY GOD!
BOY! SOMETHING
SMELLS DELICIOUS!
YEAH.
WOW!
OH, MAN.
WELL, MY TOWELS
ARE RUINED.
THESE LOBSTERS
ARE PERFECT.
HEY, NOBODY USED
THE DRYER, DID THEY?
NO.
COME HERE, HENRY.
WE NEED TO TALK.
SAVE ME A CLAW.